Britney and Friends Various non-sequitor subjects. Yes, you and I could splice our respective faces onto some porn queen's body but it still wouldn't be Britney.
IT TRAINING An early Christmas gift, no doubt. Lots of famous endorsements including from the government. Don't reply with anything; you'll just be confirming their address list.
Important Career Center Information A new spin on a recent trend to spam MIT people offering them job advice. We suspect we know the list used by these people. We also have spoken with the company and they indicate that it is against their policy to send out such solicitations. They are following up to determine and correct the source.
The Internet Spy Guide! Find Out Info About Anyone! It's been about a year since any spam passing through our mail hubs has been worthy of much comment, but Miss Postmaster feels the need to deconstruct this one for the benefit of readers who are new to the Internet. Basically, it is a cheesy pitch like the one the radio commentator Jean Shepherd fell for when he was a boy. For ten cents, you could buy a telescope that would let you see the bones in your hand! He imagined it would let him see through anything...anything! So, this spam tells you how, for $24.95 US, you can find out anything about anyone! Maybe you'll even be able the see the bones in your hand, too!
LASER PRINTER TONER Allright already, enough! Today it comes from UUnet, tomorrow it comes from Level3, the next day it'll come from alltel.net . This one keeps coming back like a bad penny. Don't waste your time calling any phone numbers here as it won't do you any good; You'll just get aggravated. For the record: the MIT postmasters have left a message at 1/16/2000 2129 EST on the listed complaint number (1-888-494-8597) requesting that all MIT.EDU addresses be removed from their distribution. We'll see... Well, we just got spammed again by these idiots. Onced again notified them to remove all MIT.EDU addresses at 2/27/2000 at 23:10 EST. Since you're wasting time reading this page, perhaps you'd like to hear the erudite individual who's voice instructs you on how to supposedly get your email address removed from their infernal spamming list. Here's the 700K .au file we transcribed on a recent call.
www.adultlogin.com Annoying html for cheesy porn site.
"The Hottest Site On The Net!!(270) Hundreds of these came in to MIT addresses over a ten-minute period today, with all the characteristics of the worst spam: empty ""From:"" line, no ""To:"" line, lame ""Subject"" line with the classic exclamation points, a number that changes on the subject line to prevent recepients from filtering successfully, and cheesy, drooling content."
"A non-funny, totally bogus ""April fool's joke"" about the Meilssa virus, telling the reader to ""cease email transmissions"". The message is a hoax, having nothing to do with MIT Information Systems. It contains an ""April Fool's"" message at the very end."
Screen Printing & Digital Imaging Newsletter It is hard to imagine that a legitmate business would send hundreds or thousands of pieces of unsolicited junk mail like this. It gives such a poor impression of the business. We caught this one in progress.
ONE-POUND-A-DAY DIET Spam sent to several MIT mailing lists. The side effect is if it did work according to the spammers you would need to spend a lot on new clothes.
